New device tracker for TP-Link EAP (#15146)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/tplink_eap.markdown

---
title: TP-Link EAP
description: Instructions on how to use a TP-Link EAP access point as a device tracker.

> logo: tp-link.jpg

Reviewer: This should not be used for new documentation, use our Brands repository instead (and remove this line).

Author: Line has been removed.

ha_category:
  - Presence Detection
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_release: 0.117
ha_domain: tplink_eap
---

> This platform allows you to detect presence by looking at devices connected to a [TP-Link EAP](https://www.tp-link.com/us/business-networking/ceiling-mount-access-point/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration allows you to detect presence by looking at devices connected to a [TP-Link EAP](https://www.tp-link.com/us/business-networking/ceiling-mount-access-point/).
```

Author: Integrated.

<div class='note warning'>

> This integration uses the web interface to retrieve data from the device. The device webserver does not support concurrent connection.
> If you try to login to the interface, your session will be terminated when the integration will poll the device status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration uses the web interface to retrieve data from the device. The device web server does not support concurrent connections.
If you try to login into the interface, your session will be terminated when the integration will poll the device status.
```

Author: Integrated.

> <br>

Reviewer: Please use markdown as much as possible.

Author: Could I have some guidance for that piece?
I was thinking this fell under the valid use of HTML according to https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/documenting/create-page#html

My rationale for using the HTML: I feel that this is somewhat of importance to users of that integration, so I would be a bit reluctant to not have that piece of information highlighted in some way.
